one month of Sydney
from Sandy
• March 17, 2007 at 5:42 pm • No comments yet • Edit

 
Suddenly, I realized that I’ve been in Sydney for a whole month. How time flies! However, I still find that I am still not involved the life here. Not only because the language barrier which is a main problem for me, but also the culture shock. Though I suppose that I have been lots of places in China, where people have their own customs, habits and dialects, life in another totally different country, where you can also find many people from all around the world with worldwide backgrounds, shocks me a lot.You maybe meet people friendly or hostile, kind or cold, conservative or open etc. In a word, everyday encourage yourself to meet new and challenging affairs.Always persuade yourself to be confident, brave and mature.It’s easy to say, but hard to fulfill.

Fortunately, I met a lot of kind people here and made many good friends here. I can learn a lot for my new friends, and I feel thankful that they don’t mind of my not fluent English and slow reaction.As there is some unfair stereotypes in people’s mind, it’s not easy, particularly for person like me, who is an absolute Chinese learns little about the world outside China,to make a lot of friends from all around the world. In this case, there is seldom opportunities to get involved in the new environment. Due to these stereotypes, many people choose to establish an environment which is similar to their own country and push people from other culture off.On the other hand, the people who is kept off also get used to keep themselves from the particular environment bit by bit, in order to avoid awkward and uncomfortable circumstances. Therefore, greater gap is made by both sides. I met a Korean boy, who is friendly to me, but I think he is not kind to himself. Since the stereotypes among Korean that the west life is heaven and white people are angels is rooted in his mind, what he had done sometimes seems really adulatory to the whitemen in my eyes. “Stereotypes are not beliefs in a vacuum. They are reinforced by the behavior of both prejudiced people and their targets.” I totally agree with this point. It’s also the worst circumstance of discrimination, since a system of discrimination is being formed with efforts from both sides.

I am glad that I choose the right place to explore my development. I love to study and live here. It help me to be mature-minded and gain a broaden horizon.